>> Brian Holt: Go create yet another file.
Call it actions.js
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna say export const
SET_SEARCH_TERM = 'SET_SEARCH_TERM'.
>> Brian Holt: Now you don't
have to do this this way.
However, I suggest that you do, and
I'm going to assert that most
people do actions this way.
So actions.js will have zero logic and
it's just going to export a bunch
of different like const, right?
So in this particular one,
SET_SEARCH_TERM.
Instead of actually using the string
SET_SEARCH_TERM everywhere,
we're going to import this,
right, and then use that.
This helps for readability,
refactorability,
all bunch of different things.
So if ever we wanna change actions,
or the strings that they are, or
something like that, it's all in one
central place, so it's helpful believe me.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
then we go create yet another file,
that's going to be actionCreators.js.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
first thing we're gonna do,
is we're going import that
action we just created.
{ SET_SEARCH_TERM
} from './actions'.
So notice that actions
has no export default.
We have a named export there which
is why we need the curly braces.
So that's how you do
a named export in ES6.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: And then down here we're
going to export function setSearchTerm.
Which take in a searchTerm.
And all does is that,
it returns an object of type:
SET_SEARCH_TERM and
searchTerm: searchTerm.
So it's a function that you call and it
gives you back a correctly shaped action.
Again this is useful because you don't
have to remember how to create those
actions inside of your UI.
Your UI has no concern of
how to create these actions.
It just does that correctly.
>> Brian Holt: Now this being ES6,
we can actually just do,
because it's search term, colon,
search term, and it's the same thing.
With ES6 we can just say searchTerm,
like that, and
it will automatically expand that
out to the searchTerm: searchTerm.
If you're interested in being lazy,
like I am.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so,
again this API seems a little burdensome.
You can totally just dispatch
an action from the UI with the string,
and the correct searchTerm.
And side step, both the action
creators and the actions file.
However, I am going to tell you that
you're eventually going to hate that.
It's really easy up front, it sucks later.
So it is useful to separate
these out into pieces.